alrights really first what I'm going to
do is click the battery part get this
guy here it's attached so I'm gonna
detach that you solder that and these
are the batteries and I'm gonna it fits
in there so that's a fitting certain way
to fit in that you know the battery and
all that I'll put this back and to
fitting the tool that's to fit certain
way so I'm gonna pretty much take that
off a couple leads on it so I can hook
it to any battery I have over here but
all have leads coming off of this I'll
put the reverse leads on this guy and
then I'll figure out a way to attach the
batteries to the just the tool so I
first thing I do is rip this off
desolder and then I'm gonna use my hot
glue gun here to secure it up in here so
it doesn't just continuously fall out
not even put some you know black tape on
but it slides into the charger and stuff
so I got to be careful what I do to this
particular area otherwise it'll it won't
work in the tool all right here's the
modified adapter do is inside of this
guy something like that I'm just gonna
I'm gonna get it to fit and then you
know kind of dry test it there and my
charger and make sure it's okay it looks
pretty good and then I'm gonna hot glue
in place because this is gonna be empty
I'm gonna run a strap through there all
my batteries in place so almost done
okay here's my hot glue job I'm a master
at that let's talk logistics a little
that I have a battery over here from
another website you might have heard of
it modified Power Wheels calm and here's
the connectors off of it now the
positive seems to be red and it's a
female
and the negative is you know it's black
so it's a it's a meal it's not why it's
a meal but that it is a male so I want
my this guy is gonna let's let's say
this guy over here is going to receive
this battery so I have to have a male on
the positive and a female on the
negative that way it can accept my
batteries I'm just gonna stick to what
I've done for my other vehicles or my
other you know projects and stick to
this that way I can share my batteries
between my you know leaf blower in and
all of that stuff so anyways let's get
these connectors on and I'm just going
to strip them and I'm going to put on my
crimp connectors which are these guys
here those guys right there and put
those on and it'll be ready to go I know
where the blue gloves I've got this
crimped get these guys crammed
things focus a little better they're
beautifully crimped some guys solder
them now I'm just gonna use this old
case and I'm just gonna put a hole near
the wow be careful so I'm gonna put
maybe back here maybe I'll put on the
side right here because some of my tools
I'm looking at you know throughout the
back anyways these will come off the
case in the back and I'll be sure to tie
a knot in them where they meet the case
that way when you tug on them you're
gonna tug on the knot and the case
you're not got tug on my very very good
connections right here you want to tug
on the case instead so I'll make sure to
tie a knot and it's just a little trick
and then it'll pull on the case when I'm
when I'm pulling it out of there and
then I'll be all ready to work on the
batteries alright so I got this going
this is for the cable this is for a zip
tie or not a zip tie but maybe some
velcro strap is gonna go around because
the batteries are gonna actually hang
off the bottom of this guy like this
when I have it working those velcro or
something I'll have them hanging off the
bottom of the device that way I can
still move around it so I'll have a
strap that goes around kind of stabilize
it but I'm the velcro between each
batteries so that's that's
through the wires through and I should
be able close this guy up alright so
that's pretty much how the batteries are
gonna go and then I've got the my wires
cut out so I'm pretty much going to put
them in series and then so this one of
this one this one this one and all
another wire that goes from here up to
the to this guy okay that's how the work
get this all put back together to get a
full okay now I have all my wires done I
have 1 negative which will come off
negative to the battery one positive
which will come off the positive and
then to little guy just connect these
two together to finish up my series
I'll get the ends on those and we're
ready to go alright and here's the
Frankenstein monster finished between
each one and it's kind of premise I
didn't you the velcro but I have laying
around so whatever zip ties plug do
something like I checked polarity
checked all that stuff it's got about 19
volts coming out of it forever and then
I can hook your 20 weed whackers well go
get a try
from a product looks like hook to my
weed which is kind of why I had it for
the batteries back a little ways but
bounce is good I've used it it works
great I bet you can even go to 24 but
man that thing's pretty pretty powerful
I yeah
probably go to 24 volts and get away
with it but I don't know if I don't I'm
gonna give it a try I also have a weed
whacker that takes the same model of
battery so I'll be doing that and yeah
it's gonna be tough to charge I'm going
to get a
six volt Schumacher charger but I have
to get in there and charge each one
individually it looks like that's okay I
mean that's a small price to pay for you
know the life of the batteries and all
that so I'll be enjoying my new modified
power tool one last notice somebody can
tell me the amp hours of these guys here
pretty much all I can to show you that
it looks like everything you know then I
could figure out because I've got 4.5
times 3 I got 13.5 amp hours in the new
battery pack and I've got whatever this
was before which I can't really tell so
anybody can tell me that week telling
should increase but I would guess 3 3
times since there's 3 times the size I
guess Thanks